Custom SlavesFreeSound (#819)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Fixed-or-Improved-Logics.md

ForbidParallelAIQueues.Building=no  ; boolean
```

### Custom slaves free sound

> - `SlavesFreeSound` is now dehardcoded from `AudioVisual` and can be set to each slave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SlavesFreeSound` is now dehardcoded from `AudioVisual` and can be set individually for each enslaved unit type.
```
